\mainpage

    Technical note:  When modifying code for this project, please follow the following style conventions:
    *   Always use this-> to access member variables and member functions, to help differentiate between local variables and member variables.
    *   Use 4 spaces to indent.  Do not use tabs.
    *   Place opening curly brackes on the next line.
    *   Use camelCase for class names.
    *   Use lowercase and underscores for function_names and variable_names.

    The Migration Sandbox project is a simple computer architecture simulator designed to emulate arbitrary distributed memory networks with one or more CPUs.  **TODO** *The simulator takes as input an architecture configuration file (typically with a .txt extension) which instantiates CPUs and memories as well as the interconnects between them and the various latencies of these components.*  Additionally, each CPU in the system may be associated with a memory trace file which is used to inject memory transactions into the simulated system.  The simulator can then calculate the total execution time of the memory trace(s) as well as provide fine grained statistics about the latencies of individual memory accesses.
      
    A simulation is made up of two types of parts: \ref packet "packets" and \ref component "components", both of which may have derived classes with additionaly capabilities (For example, \ref memory is a child of \ref component and contains extra information about which addresses are within the \ref memory "memory's" \ref memory::row_buffer "row buffer" and the \ref memory::tRC "additional latency cost of a row buffer miss", some "host memory for internal storage", and the ability to commit read/write \ref packet "packets" to its "internal storage".  See [this file](../dram_timings_explanation.txt) or [this website](http://www.tweakers.fr/timings.html) for more general info about DRAM memory timings.
    
    \ref packet "Packets" are analagous to transactions such as read requests, read responses, write requests, precharge commands, power-down commands, and the like.  \ref packet "Packets" are injected into the system by various components using their \ref component::generate "generate" member functions. (such as a \ref cpu "CPU" reading a memory trace and generating read/write requests) but may also be spawned by certain events such as an epoch or a memory becoming full if that class' \ref component::generate "generate" member function is overriden.  Packets are then routed from one component to another until they reach their \ref packet::final_destination "final destination" where they invoke some action before being destroyed.
    
    \ref component "Components" are analogous to physical parts such as \ref cpu "CPUs" or \ref memory "memories" in a system.  Each \ref component has the ability to \ref component::generate "generate" \ref packet "packets", accept \ref packet "packets" \ref component::port_in "(port_in)" from other \ref component "components", route a \ref packet \ref component::port_out "(port_out)" toward its \ref packet::final_destination "final destination", or modify their internal state when a \ref packet is received \ref component::port_in "(port_in)".  \ref component "Components" also contain information about what other \ref component "components" are physically connected to it within their \ref component::routing_table "routing table".  Furthermore, when a \ref packet arrives at a \ref component which is not directly connected to the \ref packet "packet's" \ref packet::final_destination "final destination", the \ref component can use its \ref component::routing_table "routing table" to forward \ref component::port_out "(port_out)" the \ref packet along the correct path towards its \ref packet::final_destination "destination".  In addition to this routing functionality, \ref component "components" contain various timing characteristics such as the \ref component::routing_latency "routing latency" and \ref component::retirement_latency "retirement latency" for that \ref component.  You can also specify a maximum number of \ref component::resident_packets "resident packets" on a \ref component as well as how how much time must elapse between two \ref packet "packets" being accepted \ref component::port_in "(port_in)" using its \ref component::initiation_interval "initiation interval".  

    Technical note: a \ref packet is allocated using heap memory once within a \ref component "component's" \ref component::generate "generate" member function and deleted once within another \ref component "component's" \ref component::retire "retire" member function.  When a \ref packet is routed between \ref component "components", only a pointer to the \ref packet is moved, the \ref packet "packet's" address must not change during its lifetime.  Furthermore, a live \ref packet must be \ref component::resident_packets "resident" on exactly one \ref component - it may only migrate between \ref component "components" but may not be \ref component::resident_packets "resident" on multiple \ref component "components" simultaniously.  It is legal, however, for a \ref component to \ref component::generate "generate" \ref packet "packets" to simulate forking behavior.  Finally, \ref packet "packets" must be allocated using new or malloc (no static allocation or stack allocation) since they will be automatically deleted when they are \ref component::retire "retired".
